---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #4"
date: 2021-02-07T05:57:05.338Z
description: Unit Testing / TDD
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/products-grid1.jpg
tags:
  - Unit Testing TDD
---
This week our main focus was on unit testing and test driven development (TDD). While this was definitly something that took some getting used to, overall it wasnt too bad and i can definitly see how it could be benificial in certain situations.



* **What is unit testing?**

  * Unit testing is when you contrive tests to try and validate discrete portions of your code.
* **What is test driven development?**

  * Test driven development is when you implement unit testing to help guide the writing of your code by first coming up with test case scenarios that your code would need to be able to acomplish and then programing those sections to compleate the task.
* **Why would you practice test driven development?**

  * Test drivin development can help break up more complicated and convoluted objectives into discrete manageable bits that can be easy to test and validate for. Then you can work on encorperating more and more and chaining ideas untill youve built out diffferent parts of your project and can connect them together.
* **What are the advantages and disadvantages of test driven development?**

  * The advantages are that you can break up more complex problems into their smaller portions and test them as you build to make sure they're working correctly. It also provides a way to document your process. 
  * The disadvantages are that it can be slow and tedious sometimes, especially with simpiler or more familier projects where you don't need to bother writing out tests.
* **What is a unit?**

  * A unit is one absolute component, idea, or function that can be the whole or a discrete part of the whole. Particularly in the case of unit testing it is something that can be isolated and tested on its own.