---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #2"
date: 2021-01-17T00:02:04.571Z
description: Researching and Learning
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/fcc00150-14bf-4558-ab7e-43fda7e344fe.jpg
tags:
  - "#blogPost2 #blog #research #learning"
---
So for this blog post were going to dive into some of these questions I've recived.



**How do you personally research on the web?**

Honestly it depends largely on what it is that i'm researching. But one of the first steps that is almost universaly the same is I turn to search engins. With most things that search engin is Google, although lately i've been branching out and trying others that are more privacy and natural search ranking orented like DuckDuckGo.



After that though is where it tends to brach out based on what im looking for. if im looking for web dev information often my go to sources are MDN, Stack Oveflow, W3, Free Code Camp, and others. If im not going straight to the search engin generaly then i'd say my next most frequent option 



**What tips and tricks do you have to searching the web?**

As for tips and tricks when searching, one of the most easy to use and useful would be the search engins built in features. Using those and combining them with the most accurate and relavent keywords for what your searching for will yeild strong results. Sometimes if your compleatly out of your depth looking up general concepts on youtube can be a quick way to learn brodly about a subject and hopfully identify a few relavent keywords for what your looking for. Other more advanced tricks would be to look up your search engins specific search commands. With google this can be things like adding a "+" before words like "be", "it", "how", "to", etc. This adds these words back into your search as google tends to filter them out sometimes to speed up the search for most people. Similar to this if you keep getting results for a certain phrase or word thats not relavent to your search adding that to your search with a "-" before the word will remove results that lean on that keyword.



**What is "Tutorial Hell"?**

I'd say some people have slightly different ideas of what this is exactly; however, generaly i'd say tutorial hell is this loop we can sometimes get in that can often feed of of imposter syndrome, where we don't quite feel we have grasped a full understanding of the language and keep going through tutorials trying to understand, learn, and grasp the basics instead of eventual brancihing off and trying to create our own ideas and projects without constantly looking for a guide or how to.



**How do you best learn development and JavaScript?**

Honestly I really enjoy seeing examples of how things are done. Videos are particularly good especially if i can see something striped down to just that concept and then how it would be intigrated into a larger context. 



**How would you recommend someone new to web development learn the skill and why?**

Free Code Camp. I didn't know about it / it may not have been out when I first started to learn but honestly its a great compilation of concepts and integrating them to figure out how to actually use them in real world applications. Other than that, just reading a lot of documentation from W3, MDN and other sources while trying to build some basic projects, but really Free Code Camp does a great job!