---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #1"
date: 2021-01-16T23:41:42.280Z
description: " "
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/cba88ccc-d106-4749-8bc6-f06817efefa3_1_105_c.jpeg
tags:
  - "#firstPost #blogPost1 #aboutMe"
---
**Welcome to my blog!**



This blog is largely going to follow my progress through the DGM course 3780, but first let me tell you a bit about myself.



I was born and raised in North Carolina and have since moved out west spending time in Arizona and Utah. I currently am taking classes full time at UVU to finish off a degree and I work part time as a Network Admin, Fullstack Web Developer, and general IT person for a campground out in North Carolina.



My Previous experince with Javascript goes back to when i was originaly a biology major taking some extra curicular classes. From there I began learning the basics of Javascript, while also picking up lnaguages such as C++, C#, C, and Python, as well as picking up terminal familiarity and using things like bash. Lately though i've definitly been going deeper into Javascript with things such as ES6 and modern updates to the language and using tools and frameworks like React.



In my free time i enjoy hanging out with my wife, watching TV, and going out hiking, camping and pursuing wildlife and nature photography.



With this class in particular im looking forward to learning to apply more javascript knowledge and further understanding some of the intracies of the language and how they can help solve real world problems as thats part of what really got me into webdevelopment.