---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #5"
date: 2021-02-22T06:12:00.269Z
description: This week we were tasked with making and publishing our own NPM package.
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/chemex.jpg
tags:
  - NPM JSON JS NodeJS
---
So this week we were tasked with making and publishing our own NPM package.



So before getting into that lets go over a few things.



* What is NPM?

  * NPM stands for node package manager although its now trying to brand itself as a ubiquitosly abstract Acronym for anthing that fits the letters. Ok yeah thats great you say but what does that mean? Well NPM basicly allows you to create a project and attach other modulerized code created with NPM to it as well as documenting the version number for the code packet and attaching sperate dependancies for dev and testing.
* What benefits does NPM provide?

  * NPM provieds a sructred format by which to index and map package / module requirements for your build and allow it to be easily copyed and implemented elswhere. 
* What is a NPM module?

  * An NPM module is a package of code that has documented dependacies, version numbers, and a name attached to it so it can be recaled for use in projects.
* What are the 3 components of NPM?

  * The Website
  * The Command Line Interface
  * The Registry

    * Why Are they important?

      * The website for NPM (npmjs.com) can help in finding packages and seting up NPM profiles and their settings.
      * The CLI is how developers generaly react with NPM by initializing projects or installing and adding dependacies to their projects.
      * The registry is the database that holds the javascript information on NPM packages and their meta information.