---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #9"
date: 2021-03-21T05:39:18.744Z
description: React Weather App
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/products-full-width.jpg
tags:
  - React
---
This week we skim the surface on what React is and build a Weather Application with it. But first lets answer a few questions, like what is React?

So React or React.js as it's called by some, is basicly a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. Now that being said, it's quite an extensive and intricate library and uses a wide array of features and functions to do what it does. It is component based and utilizes a virtual DOM to see where changes have been made and re-render them to the actual DOM. React was initailly developed by Jordan Walke who worked at Facebook as a software engineer.



One of the core features of React are states. States are objects that hold variable information so that it can possibly be updated and that data can be tracked over the liftime of the Component its part of. When an state object changes it trigers a re rendering of the DOM.



Class based components were initally the main way of creating React components, but overtime as React has grown it has moved more and more towards Functional Components that are generally simpler more concise and easier to develop and understand. It used to be that Classes / Class based components were the way you had to do things in React, but now with React Hooks which allow for Functional Components there really aren't many cases in which you would use Class based components unless working with and maintaining them in legacy React Apps.



Now JSX is a syntax extension to Javascrip with when used with React can describe and create UI elements. JSX in many ways tries to combine the functionality of Javascript with the Markup language of HTML to creat simpler and more integrated applications than those built that have to seperate and isolate the two.





* What does it mean to 'lift state up'?