---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #8"
date: 2021-03-07T05:56:53.295Z
description: Post Hacker News Clone assignment blog post.
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/products-grid2.jpg
tags:
  - Promises
---
* **Functions**

  * How to declare a function. (3 ways)

    * One basic way to declar a function is as a basic function declaration

      * function name(params){function body}
    * Another main way is as an anonymous function:

      * let x = function(params){function body}
    * With es6 we got the beauty that is arrow functions

      * (params) =>{function body}
  * How to accept a value into a function

    * Generaly the proper way to pass a value into a function is through the functions parameters.
* **Callbacks**

  * What is a callback?

    * A callback is when certain functions or methods provide for a function to be called upon compleation or if certain conditions are met.
  * How do they work?

    * They work by being called upon compleation of a function or certain conditions being met.
  * When might you use one in your own code?

    * When using a function like setTimeout where you run a function after a set interval of time.
* **Promises**

  * What is a promise?

    * A promise is a asynchronous function that runs in the background and returns a promise statement when finished. 
  * How do they work?

    * A promise is a asynchronous function that runs in the background and returns a promise statement when finished. 
  * When might you use on in your code? (Provide an example not using a built in method such as fetch())

    * When you need to run large blocks of code but dont need it right away and need other code to run in the meantime.
  * What is the async, await syntax? How does it work?

    * It is what some people call syntactic sugar, but also works a bit diferently in that everything wraped witing the async scope is run asyncronously not just the one value or call. 
  * Why is the async, await syntax helpful?

    * it can be a simpler way to run blocks of code asyncronously rather than cahnning promises and then statments together.