---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #7"
date: 2021-02-23T23:04:55.912Z
description: Svelte video responses.
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/jumbotron.jpg
tags:
  - Svelte
---
Name 3 Ideas that stood out to you from the video.



* One of the first things that really stood out to me was the explination of the virtual DOM. Perhaps it was the visuals that were included but I don't belive I've heard a better explination of how it works, particularly when comparing it to how Svelte processes things.

  This is a rather notable achevment as, by helping others actually understand how the DOM and vDOM work, makes the impact of how svelte works with things that much clearer and impresive. One of the key areas where this benifit becomes clear is in his example of the Brazilian POS machine that runs via svelte and runs much faster and cleaner than similar react or other vDOM rendered processes. Because the vDOM is constanlty running through all the elements to check for change instead of just the necissary elements its still having to check those against the existing DOM and recal them. By only concerning itself with the elements that are and will change Svelte requires much less memory as well as running less fluf processes.



* When he talked about how its compiled and not having to include feature that aren't being used, I imediatly started thinking of breaking scenarios. What if you have code included that isn't acually used in the site but potentially could be. I'd assume that if its just not going to be used it wouldn't bother to compile it, but how far down the processes would it check to see that a variable might not change that may result in it being called. Honestly this seems like really extream edge case scenarios but it was one of the things that stood out to me when watching this.



* If Svelte is all about eleminating the things we don't need and compiling the code down to simple clean lightweight foundational code, why would they need a svelte native as he brings up towards the end? Initially the only thing i can think of is that there might be a better more optimized compilation code to break it down to for certain devices. Like instead of maybe compiling it down to C or something maybe breaking it down to Swift or even native assymbly or machine code. But come to think about it why not run the browser through a further complied language than just Javascript. How much comes down to how the code is writen and compiled and how much could be optimized by further optimizing the runtime engine and core itself?

All in all these were my three main takeaways that stood out to me and has definitly got me searching down some rabbit holes to brush up on my understanding of code itself. Perhaps my bigest takeaway though is that I am rather impressed by what ive seen of Svelte and am looking forward to trying it out.