---
templateKey: blog-post
title: "Blog Post #3"
date: 2021-01-31T00:43:54.969Z
description: Advanced Git Blog Post Assignment
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/c8fddaab-f77e-480b-a959-30fe5e9dc0fb.jpg
tags:
  - Git Rebase GitHub
---
**Answer the following:**

* What is git rebase?

  * A Git rebase is when you combine a series of commits into a single new commit.
* What are some advantages and disadvantages of git rebase? (At least 2 of each)

  * One advantage is that it can combine changes from one branch to another.
  * Another key feature of rebasing that sets it apart from merging is that it doesn't always have to apply to the ends or current positions of a branch.
  * A disadvantage to using rebase is that you generally wouldn't want to do so with a public repository as it would write over the old commits and leave an apparent gap in history.
  * It can be harder to follow the actuall path that the development took if thats a concern to you, your team, or project.
* When shouldn't you use git rebase? Why?

  * As we brought up before, you should be weary of using git rebase when working on a publicly deployed repository as this can caus hicups in the git history and could create isuess with your live or deployed branch.
* What is git reset?

  * What is the difference between hard, mixed and soft?

    * Git reset is a way by which you can tell git to jump back to a specified commit and delet the commits in between.
    * \-hard: will reset the working directory, staging area, and commit history.
    * \-mixed: will reset the staging area and commit history
    * \-soft: will just reset the commit history 
* What is git checkout?

  * Git checkout will move the head pointer to whatever branch or commit you specify. Be carfull about navigating to a commit with checkout as it will generly place you in a detached head state during which you dont want to make additional commits.
* What is git revert?

  * Git revert will advance your branch forward with that step forward also undoing the specified commit.
* In what ways are these commands the same and what ways are they different?

  * The main similarity between these three actions is that they all are used to manipulate the branch structure of git. They are different in that they each do so in their own way, be it by deleting things between the specified point, or simply navigating to different branches or commits, and by selectivly undoing certain commits with out disturbing the stucture between there and the head pointer.
* When would you use reset, checkout, or revert? Why?

  * reset: when you need to delet or undo large sections of commits, or posibly just the last one.
  * checkout: you would use checkout when you need to navigate to a different branch or commit in you git project.
  * revert: when you need to undo a single commit, either the imediatly previous one, or one seperated by other commits while leveing those commits intact.
* What are git submodules?

  * A git submodule is a git repo that exists within a git repo.
* When would you use a submodule?

  * You might use a submodule when you need to more easily break up a large project into smaller individual repos. One example could be if you needed to share or open a sectin to a person or team of developers without necisarily giving them acces to the whole project. Another rather common example of this is when you create a node.js project and use npm modules. Often these modules are their own repos and have dependancies that also include other repos.
* What are the advantages and disadvantages of git submodules?

  * An advantage of submodules is, as stated above, that it can break up large projects into more managable discrete repos that can be reused in other projects as well.
  * A disadvantage is that it does require switching between diferent repos and managing multiple repos at times.

**Provide Images showing a knowledge of the following:**

* A rebase merge
* An interactive rebase merge
* When you shouldn't rebase with a remote repo.
* A git reset
* A get checkout

  * A commit
  * A file
* A get revert